[Music]
then the children of Israel the whole
congregation came into the wilderness of
zin in the first month and the people
stayed in Kadish and Miriam died there
and was buried there now there was no
water for the congregation so they
gathered together against Moses in there
and that people contended with Moses if
only we had died when our brethren died
before the Lord why have you brought up
the Assembly of the Lord into this
wilderness that we and our animals
should die here
and why have you made us come up out of
Egypt to bring us to this evil place it
is not a place of grain or figs or vines
or pomegranates nor is there any water
to drink so Moses and Aaron went from
the presence of the Assembly to the door
of the tabernacle of meeting and they
fell on their faces and the glory of the
Lord appeared to them
then the Lord spoke to Moses take the
rod you and your brother Aaron gather
the congregation together speak to the
rock before their eyes and it will yield
its water thus you shall bring water for
them out of the rock and give drink to
the congregation and their family so
Moses took the rod from before the Lord
as he commanded him Moses and Aaron
gathered the assembly together before
the rock and he said to them hear now
you rebels must we bring water for you
out of this rock then Moses lifted his
hand and struck the rock twice with his
rod
and water came out and thunder
[Music]
and the congregation and their animals
drank then the Lord spoke to Moses and
Aaron because you did not believe me to
hallow me in the eyes of the children of
Israel therefore you shall not bring
this assembly into the land which I have
given them this was the water of Meribah
because the children of Israel contended
with the Lord and he was hallowed among
them now Moses sent messengers from
Kadesh to the king of Edom thus says
your brother Israel you know all the
hardship that has befallen us how our
fathers went down to Egypt and we dwelt
in Egypt a long time and the Egyptians
afflicted us and our fathers when we
cried out to the Lord he heard our voice
and sent the angel and brought us up out
of Egypt now here we are in kadish a
city on the edge of your border please
let us pass through your country we will
not pass through fields or vineyards nor
will we drink water from wells we will
go along the Kings Highway we will not
turn aside to the right hand or to the
left until we have passed through your
territory then Edom said to him you
shall not pass through my land lest I
come out against you with the sword so
the children of Israel said to him we
will go by the highway and if I or my
livestock drink any of your water then I
will pay for it let me only pass through
on foot nothing more you shall not pass
through
so a demenna men and with a strong hand
thus Edom refused to give Israel passage
through his territory
so Israel turned away from now the
children of Israel the whole
congregation journeyed from Kadish and
came to Mount hor and the Lord spoke to
Moses and Aaron in Mount hor by the
border of the land of Edom saying Aaron
shall be gathered to his people for he
shall not enter the land which I have
given to the children of Israel because
you rebelled against my word at the
water of miracle take Aaron and Eleazar
his son and bring them up to Mount hor
and strip Aaron of his garments and put
them on Eleazar his son for Aaron shall
be gathered to his people and died there
so Moses did just as the LORD commanded
they went up to Mount Hall in the sight
of all the congregation Moses stripped
Aaron of his garments and put them on
Eleazar his son and Aaron died there on
the top of the mountain then Moses and
Eleazar came down from the mountain now
when all the congregation saw that Aaron
was dead
all the house of Israel mourned for
Aaron 30 days